Change default value of `action.destructive_requires_name` to True. (#66908)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/close.asciidoc

include::{es-repo-dir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=index]
+
To close all indices, use `_all` or `*`.

> By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are adding blocks to.
> To allow the adding of blocks to indices with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
> expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are closing.
To specify indices to close with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.
```

+
To close all indices, use `_all` or `*`.
To disallow the closing of indices with `_all` or wildcard expressions,

> the `action.destructive_requires_name` cluster setting must be `true`.

Reviewer: As above, I think it's worth rewording this paragraph so that the default behavior is explained before the configuration option.

The same recommendation applies to the other docs files.

Author: Done.
